hi my love's today I am back with
another first impressions for you guys
and I'm doing a first impressions of a
product that a lot of you have actually
recommended to me and that is the it
cosmetics bye bye under-eye full
coverage concealer I'm really really
excited to give us a try a lot of you
guys have recommended this concealer to
me because it's supposed to be a full
coverage concealer that is also
creaseless which you guys know I need
because my under-eye circles are
literally my biggest problem area I have
them just genetically from allergies and
everything like that so I have like very
purpley blue dark under-eye so I need
something to brighten them up and cover
them up that is not going to crease
under my eyes so I'm very excited to be
giving this a try
it is full coverage and waterproof which
is awesome I've actually tried a lot of
it cosmetics products recently because
now that I have an Ulta near me they
have a cosmetics there and they also
have a website obviously which I would
like down below their products are
clinically proven and they're developed
by plastic surgeons and dermatologists
so you know that you're getting really
the top quality products which is nice
to know when you're buying makeup
products because you don't wanna be
putting crap products on your face
especially along your eye area so that
is very important to me and you know
their products are just made for real
women like me and you to kind of help
address Beauty concerns like my super
dark under-eye bags so hopefully this
will work for me obviously I will let
you guys know I'm going to apply as I
normally would I have it in the color
light so I'm just going to apply it with
the Beauty Blender which is how I always
apply my concealer I'm going to apply
like maybe a pea-sized now I really
don't know okay it's probably a little
much yep that's definitely a little much
but we'll work with it okay it's very
thick it can already tell that already
which is good because that means it's
probably going to give us some full
coverage which is what we need Oh
perfect okay because I was nervous that
it wasn't going to be light enough but
this will definitely be light enough you
guys know I like a really highlighted
under-eye
I'm just kind of applying it with my
fingers in a triangle I love my eyes I'm
just using whatever else I have left
down my nose some kind of areas that I
would highlight normally so I can
definitely tell it's a very thick
consistency already which doesn't bother
me at all I just don't want it to crease
which sometimes thick products can but I
definitely need a thick product
underneath my eyes because if it's too
liquidy it's just not going to give me
enough coverage so I'm going to go ahead
and blend this out with my Beauty
Blender
it blends out really really nicely it
actually is much easier than I thought
it was going to be because it was so
thick so I wasn't sure if it was like
going to blend out nicely but it really
really does I just used way too much
product so I'm just kind of using my
dampened beauty blender to pick up some
of that excess product I was able to
take them off and blend it so it looks
fine so I'm actually really really
liking it I find to be very full
coverage too I'm it's really covering my
dark circles and also really really
brightening on my under eye which is
what I personally like obviously if you
don't like a super bright under eye like
me you obviously don't have to get a
concealer that's way lighter than your
skin tone this is just what I personally
like I know it is not for everyone so
you know they have a broad range of
shades I know they have a medium shade
and stuff too so you don't need to just
get this shade it's not going to be
super bright on you if that's you don't
want
it's just personally what I like so I'm
going to go ahead and set this with my
NYX HD finishing banana powder just
because I would never wear a concealer
without setting it so you know I'm just
going to do what I normally do with
concealer I will check back in later
with you guys to let you guys know how
it is holding up is 302 now getting a
little bit of a late start to the day
but it's 302 and I will check back in
with you guys hopefully around 5:00 or
6:00 or so and then again around 9
o'clock tonight to let you guys know my
final thoughts about this concealer and
whether or not I think it is a great
product so I will see you guys then bye
hi my love's okay so it is 5a 52 p.m.
right now and I still have not even
really done my makeup for the day like
my full makeup I have like my full face
face makeup on right now and my brows
and a little bit of mascara but I
haven't really done my eye makeup just
yet I think gonna wait till later
tonight because I do have some plans my
friends tonight so you guys last see me
I'll actually be like all put together
like I normally on my videos not kind of
just like winging it um but so far I am
extremely extremely impressed with this
concealer I really really like it I have
not had it on for that long just yet but
so far it's really been amazing it is
totally still on and it's totally full
coverage like just this full coverage as
it was when I first applied it and it's
no
creasing at all underneath my eyes which
is normally the biggest problem that I
have with concealers especially because
a lot of you guys have asked me to try
like concealers from the drugstore and
stuff like that and they just always
always crease on me and this one is not
so I'm super super happy about that
because I was a little nervous when it
was like really thick I thought maybe
you could settle into fine lines but
it's not at all I did set it like I
showed you guys with my NYX banana
powder but again I would never wear a
concealer without setting it um but
together they are just working amazing I
really really love this stuff so far
obviously this could completely change
in a few hours when I see you guys later
tonight but I really really am
impressive super super full coverage
it's really covering my dark circles and
it's really given me that brightness
underneath my eyes that I need and that
I personally like so so far A+ double
thumbs up to this concealer I really
really like it but like I said I will
check back in with you guys a little bit
later tonight hey guys so I am back with
my final check-in it is currently 9:27
right now and it kind of had all day to
gather my thoughts on whether or not I
like this by light under eye full
coverage concealer from it cosmetics and
I absolutely love it I am so excited I
really feel like I have found a new Holy
Grail product for me this is just an
amazing amazing concealer and this is
coming from a girl who has serious
serious dark under-eye circles so I am
so so picky what it has to do with
under-eye concealers I literally have
tried probably a million and only have a
very select few that I will ever use and
this is definitely a new addition to
that selected group I love love love
this stuff it's super full coverage
super long-lasting like my under eyes
still look as they did this morning and
it really really does cover up my dark
under-eye circles and brighten up that
area it's exactly what my under eyes
need so I'm very very happy about that
and I do have dry skin so sometimes I
find that under-eye concealers can be
kind of drying on my under eyes don't
really know how to explain it but they
just like I've actually had like my
under-eye area like flake almost and I
did not have this problem with that
concealer at all it was very kind of
creamy like I said it was a very thicker
consistency but it definitely didn't
like make
my skin look cakey or like flaky or
anything like that so I really really
like this product I definitely am going
to be using it and I would HIGHLY highly
highly recommend it go ahead and click
on the link in the bottom bar to where
you guys can get this product I actually
do have a coupon code for you guys as
well this is not an affiliate code or
anything like that just a coupon code
for you guys and that is to get 20% off
of your order as well as free shipping
so yeah like I said very very impressed
I'm definitely gonna go out and buy it
more at cosmetics products because I
have tried a bunch of their stuff but
now I want to get even more especially
like see what other concealers they have
and stuff because I really really like
this I don't know if there's like a buy
buy like foundation that kind of goes
with this concealer or not um but I
really really like the concealer so I
definitely would be open to buying the
foundation as well they have one so let
me know in the bottom bark you guys know
about that and I will definitely try
that out maybe to another person
freshness for you guys if you guys want
to see that but yeah that is everything
that I wanted to let you guys know so it
definitely an A+ double thumbs up to
this concealer it's amazing so thank
guys so so much for watching please be
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe if you did enjoy and I will
see you guys next video